usage: go get [-d] [-t] [-u] [-v] [-insecure] [build flags] [packages]

Get resolves and adds dependencies to the current development module
and then builds and installs them.

The first step is to resolve which dependencies to add.

For each named package or package pattern, get must decide which version of
the corresponding module to use. By default, get looks up the latest tagged
release version, such as v0.4.5 or v1.2.3. If there are no tagged release
versions, get looks up the latest tagged pre-release version, such as
v0.0.1-pre1. If there are no tagged versions at all, get looks up the latest
known commit. If the module is not already required at a later version
(for example, a pre-release newer than the latest release), get will use
the version it looked up. Otherwise, get will use the currently
required version.

This default version selection can be overridden by adding an @version
suffix to the package argument, as in 'go get golang.org/x/text@v0.3.0'.
The version may be a prefix: @v1 denotes the latest available version starting
with v1. See 'go help modules' under the heading 'Module queries' for the
full query syntax.

For modules stored in source control repositories, the version suffix can
also be a commit hash, branch identifier, or other syntax known to the
source control system, as in 'go get golang.org/x/text@master'. Note that
branches with names that overlap with other module query syntax cannot be
selected explicitly. For example, the suffix @v2 means the latest version
starting with v2, not the branch named v2.

If a module under consideration is already a dependency of the current
development module, then get will update the required version.
Specifying a version earlier than the current required version is valid and
downgrades the dependency. The version suffix @none indicates that the
dependency should be removed entirely, downgrading or removing modules
depending on it as needed.

The version suffix @latest explicitly requests the latest minor release of the
module named by the given path. The suffix @upgrade is like @latest but
will not downgrade a module if it is already required at a revision or
pre-release version newer than the latest released version. The suffix
@patch requests the latest patch release: the latest released version
with the same major and minor version numbers as the currently required
version. Like @upgrade, @patch will not downgrade a module already required
at a newer version. If the path is not already required, @upgrade and @patch
are equivalent to @latest.

Although get defaults to using the latest version of the module containing
a named package, it does not use the latest version of that module's
dependencies. Instead it prefers to use the specific dependency versions
requested by that module. For example, if the latest A requires module
B v1.2.3, while B v1.2.4 and v1.3.1 are also available, then 'go get A'
will use the latest A but then use B v1.2.3, as requested by A. (If there
are competing requirements for a particular module, then 'go get' resolves
those requirements by taking the maximum requested version.)

The -t flag instructs get to consider modules needed to build tests of
packages specified on the command line.

The -u flag instructs get to update modules providing dependencies
of packages named on the command line to use newer minor or patch
releases when available. Continuing the previous example, 'go get -u A'
will use the latest A with B v1.3.1 (not B v1.2.3). If B requires module C,
but C does not provide any packages needed to build packages in A
(not including tests), then C will not be updated.

The -u=patch flag (not -u patch) also instructs get to update dependencies,
but changes the default to select patch releases.
Continuing the previous example,
'go get -u=patch A@latest' will use the latest A with B v1.2.4 (not B v1.2.3),
while 'go get -u=patch A' will use a patch release of A instead.

When the -t and -u flags are used together, get will update
test dependencies as well.

In general, adding a new dependency may require upgrading
existing dependencies to keep a working build, and 'go get' does
this automatically. Similarly, downgrading one dependency may
require downgrading other dependencies, and 'go get' does
this automatically as well.

The -insecure flag permits fetching from repositories and resolving
custom domains using insecure schemes such as HTTP. Use with caution. The
GOINSECURE environment variable is usually a better alternative, since it
provides control over which modules may be retrieved using an insecure scheme.
See 'go help environment' for details.

The second step is to download (if needed), build, and install
the named packages.

If an argument names a module but not a package (because there is no
Go source code in the module's root directory), then the install step
is skipped for that argument, instead of causing a build failure.
For example 'go get golang.org/x/perf' succeeds even though there
is no code corresponding to that import path.

Note that package patterns are allowed and are expanded after resolving
the module versions. For example, 'go get golang.org/x/perf/cmd/...'
adds the latest golang.org/x/perf and then installs the commands in that
latest version.

The -d flag instructs get to download the source code needed to build
the named packages, including downloading necessary dependencies,
but not to build and install them.

With no package arguments, 'go get' applies to Go package in the
current directory, if any. In particular, 'go get -u' and
'go get -u=patch' update all the dependencies of that package.
With no package arguments and also without -u, 'go get' is not much more
than 'go install', and 'go get -d' not much more than 'go list'.

For more about modules, see 'go help modules'.

For more about specifying packages, see 'go help packages'.

This text describes the behavior of get using modules to manage source
code and dependencies. If instead the go command is running in GOPATH
mode, the details of get's flags and effects change, as does 'go help get'.
See 'go help modules' and 'go help gopath-get'.

See also: go build, go install, go clean, go mod.
usage: go fix [packages]

Fix runs the Go fix command on the packages named by the import paths.

For more about fix, see 'go doc cmd/fix'.
For more about specifying packages, see 'go help packages'.

To run fix with specific options, run 'go tool fix'.

See also: go fmt, go vet.
